Yanyan, how are you doing when you haven't been home these days?
If you don't know anything, just say it
I don't have time to chat more than you
I said a sentence at the gate of hell about the recurrence of the disease this time
Thought about a lot of things
You've changed your temper with me lately
Targeting me everywhere
So bad for parents
Do you already know that they want you to save me?
From now on, I took away the women's life that originally belonged to you
But you didn't think that this was my life
You took away 20 years of my life
You should give it back to me
So
I don't ask you to be grateful.
It is better to clearly price
As long as you donate it to me
I can give you a word.
Not for decades to come
And I can guarantee that your marriage to Brother Chengze will not change
You will become Mrs. Guo
guarantee
Why do you guarantee
Although I didn't mean to
But Brother Chengze's heart is in my hands
He will listen to me
Koi
I have a wedding candle with Brother Chen Ze
Wedding banquet
You don't mind not being jealous at all
I wouldn't let my heart go to another woman
Don't worry, I'll make sure.
As long as you donate to me
I will stay away from him
I won't meet either
I can be at ease